hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
a Microsoft Surface go and when they
first announced it I was interested in
it it seemed like a pretty compelling
device having used it for a little while
I really think this is seriously the
best product that Microsoft has put out
in a very long time this thing starts at
$400 I don't think that base
configuration is where you want to spend
the money though they have a mid tier
one 550 quite a bit more but you're
getting double the RAM double the
storage but significantly faster storage
that is the model that I think most
people should pick up if you can afford
that price bump so this unit here is
that mid tier model the $550 unit and I
really like it ok let's go around this
thing build quality is great it's a
surface product it has a magnesium
enclosure fit and finish on this is
really well done the top surface has
these new rounded edges and it actually
makes the device a lot more comfortable
to hold
not that the original surface products
are like uncomfortable but this small
detail just makes it that much more
ergonomic and that much more inviting to
use it's a nice touch and I think
Microsoft should put this kind of
rounded edge on all of their products
because it does make a difference the
screen is a 10 inch screen I thought I'd
be a little bit small for what I do but
it actually isn't it is noticeably
smaller compared to like a 12 or 13 inch
screen but it doesn't feel particularly
cramped it's still a very usable surface
area the bezels around that screen
though are thick now visually it's not
attractive right having thick bezels
like this doesn't look good but when
you're actually using it you won't
notice it you'll be focused on your
content it's just that when this devices
off or it's just sitting there and
you're kind of examining it visually the
bezels are thick the panel itself is
nice its sharp great colors and
brightness and hitting a price point
like this with this kind of screen it
could not have been easy like we see
four or five hundred dollar devices out
there that have terrible screens this
thing looks really good there is pen
support as usual and feels relatively
lag free to me I'm not an artist but the
surface area feels reasonably sized for
people that want to use it for any kind
of digital creative work now on the side
are two speakers and they sound really
good for this kind of device size nice
body to the sound excellent stereo
separation just from the positioning and
you just get really clean audio that
gets to a decent volume you also get a
killer killer webcam $400 gets your
webcam of this quality it's actually one
of the best
kans I've seen on any laptop period but
when you compare this webcam to
something like a 12-inch MacBook it just
blows my mind I mean if you can stick a
webcam like this into a $400 device
there's no excuse for other people they
should be using really good webcams and
no one else is doing it but surface does
so good for them
this device though is not complete
without the keyboard and the keyboard is
a hundred bucks which is crazy expensive
you think about it that's like at the
base model that's 20% of the cost but
that's what we have ok when it's
connected up and it connects
magnetically it is an awesome awesome
productivity device so I was concerned
that this keyboard would be really small
and cramped and just kind of weird
feeling because it is a lot smaller than
the regular service devices it's not
cramped it's excellent it does take a
little bit of time to get used to it but
it is a really comfortable keyboard the
trackpad feels good it's a surface
product so tracking is accurate and
gestures work nicely but the pad is a
little small maybe it's a visual thing I
just wish there's a little bit more
surface area to this trackpad okay
performance on this device is good it's
not amazing it's a Pentium Gold chip and
most productivity stuff like emails web
browsing or any kind of work-related
stuff runs really smoothly on this so
the drive feeds on the mid-tier model
actually really good fast read speed but
on the slower drive of the base model
the whole system is gonna feel a bit
more sluggish and that reason alone
makes it worth it to upgrade to the
mid-tier model battery life is also
pretty good getting around seven hours
of battery life and to charge it you can
either use the included surface connect
adapter or you can use the USB C port I
really wish that the included adapter
was use BC but its surface connect
because well that's Microsoft's for you
okay gaming performance I was actually
surprised by this you're not gonna be
able to play some killer triple-a titles
but light games are pretty good on this
thing if you want to pick it up for some
casual light games it'll do the trick
now the surface go is still a surface
product through and through so if
they're issues you had with surface
products in the past you may have those
same issues with this one like if you
need more ports there's still only one
port it's use BC this year but it's
still only one port if you don't like
the kickstand on your lap like it's not
an ideal situation for lap use but it
does work reasonably well plus it
infinite positions up to a certain
degree but I don't know this makes it
fairly usable for most people I think
but if you've had issues in the past
same issues now overall though really
good product I think for students this
is such a good option you get so much
versatility on this thing you get a
great keyboard for taking notes you can
pull up course material and stuff in
class good option great for me to
consumption for like a secondary device
if you want it for that I think you
can't go wrong with this it is however
not cheap once you add everything up
together like the keyboard and like the
mid tier unit it's not the $400 device
that they're kind of marketing so you
kind of have to take that into
consideration but overall I like this
thing ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it subs we loved
it see you guys next time
[Music]